README.md, before:

# For Teaching Purposes, not my own project


# ProjectMovie

# Project Overview

This data analysis project aims to provide insights into the performance and trends of movies from 2012 to 2016. By analyzing various aspects of the movie data, we seek to identify patterns, make data-driven recommendations, and gain a deeper understanding of the industry's dynamics.


## Data Sources
Movie Data: The primary dataset used for this analysis is the "Movie Data Homework" file, containing detailed information about each movie's performance, actors, directors etc. [Movies Data](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/20717725/Movies_Data_Dashboard.xlsx)


## Tools
- Power Query: I used Power Query for Data Cleaning
- Excel
  - Pivot Tables: I used these for Data Analysis, Creating reports, and Visualizations.
 

## Results and Findings 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4860093e-6683-4193-b2a2-cc195eeb1de0)



### My Overall Dashboard:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/01ebe41d-9391-4855-8ca7-a0cee0e9a51a)

Commit message:

Update README.md with Table of Contents

README.md, after:

# For Teaching Purposes, not my own project


# ProjectMovie

# Project Overview

This data analysis project aims to provide insights into the performance and trends of movies from 2012 to 2016. By analyzing various aspects of the movie data, we seek to identify patterns, make data-driven recommendations, and gain a deeper understanding of the industry's dynamics.


# Table of Contents
- [Data Source](#data-sources)

- [Results and Findings](#results-and-findings)

## Data Sources
Movie Data: The primary dataset used for this analysis is the "Movie Data Homework" file, containing detailed information about each movie's performance, actors, directors etc. [Movies Data](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/20717725/Movies_Data_Dashboard.xlsx)


## Tools
- Power Query: I used Power Query for Data Cleaning
- Excel
  - Pivot Tables: I used these for Data Analysis, Creating reports, and Visualizations.
 













## Results and Findings 

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4860093e-6683-4193-b2a2-cc195eeb1de0)



### My Overall Dashboard:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/01ebe41d-9391-4855-8ca7-a0cee0e9a51a)
